# Superflake
Superflake is a revolutionary identification technology based on Twitter's Snowflake. A Superflake ID is generated by concatenating:
- a 42-bit timestamp,
- a 10-bit node ID, and
- a 12-bit sequential number.

## Features

- **Unique ID Generation**: Generates unique IDs based on timestamp, node ID, and sequence number.
- **Custom Epoch**: Allows setting a custom epoch for timestamp calculation.
- **High Performance**: Written in Zig, a high-performance systems programming language.
- **Memory Safety**: Ensures no memory leaks with Zig's safety features.
- **Simple and Efficient**: Minimalistic and efficient implementation.

## Installation

To use this project, you need to have Zig version 0.14 installed. You can download it from the [official Zig website](https://ziglang.org/download/).

## Usage

Here is an example of how to use the Superflake ID generator:

```zig
const std = @import("std");
const Superflake = @import("superflake");

pub fn main() !void {
    const superflake = Superflake.generate();
    const id_str = try superflake.toString();
    defer std.heap.page_allocator.free(id_str);

    std.debug.print("Generated Superflake ID: {s}\n", .{id_str});
}
```

### Running the Code

To run the code, use the following command:

```sh
zig build run
```

### Testing

The project includes tests to ensure the correct functionality of the Superflake ID generator. To run the tests, use the following command:

```sh
zig build test
```

### Performance

Superflake is designed to be highly performant, leveraging Zig's low-level capabilities and safety features. The implementation ensures efficient memory usage and avoids memory leaks, making it suitable for high-performance applications.

### Memory Safety

Zig's safety features, such as compile-time checks and explicit memory management, help ensure that the Superflake implementation is free from memory leaks and other common memory-related issues.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request on GitHub.

## Contact

For any questions or suggestions, please contact the project maintainer.